who are you nice to find you yes Phillip
welcome welcome to the mix by show
you're gonna be gonna come and tour with
us from my 12 o'clock past and I wanted
to talk class I am picking up some lunch
indeed I don't want to wait in the line
this is the predicament we always face
in between classes do I go to a random
little store that I haven't tried or do
I wait in line that's subway that's all
your thoughts
there's always adventure there's always
I mean the random store could be fun
that's what I'm saying I think random
store the only problem is random stories
nope am I going to so he's interesting
the attire they wear dress done
which is generally which is probably why
I'm single yeah way too so anyone wants
to the athletic boys out you like what
you see hit me I'm free tomorrow for
that one 9 that's all you're gonna get
so yes as we walk it's a nice day here
in Chapel Hill usually it's in between
classes strength is very as many people
walking good for people watching
yeah very good I'm counting on my way to
Portuguese class like if you wanna buy
some Portuguese quality lenore me and oh
me Katie she just made all of that up
no that was what is your name my name is
Katie now just lovers quarterly just
reminds me of my level once again
sometimes you run into our friends but
then pretend to be friends
item it's awesome here I had my head in
there it wasn't pretty
nope not friends just gotta see a big on
foot oh I like to change it up here so I
can have a little bit of a so if I'm
feeling very adventurous I just go
through the trees that's not often done
every day got a skateboarder yes oh wait
this guy's my friends guys my k
hi Lu so if you'd like to come this way
very patriotic an as you do love America
hashtag go girls go America I said to
you fella
I state activation so through war guys I
usually am listening to my music
you know like pondering my thoughts what
am I about to do in this class we're
Mike that's a get for lunch you know
that kind of thing you know the general
questions you ask yourself throughout
the day don't want to trouble yourself
with too complex of thoughts exactly
entering campus because you might just
get lost and it's exactly and then as
you can see here in the quality people
like to sometimes if the teacher is
feeling very nice yeah they sometimes
have the class outside so here's the
auditorium here's the class right here
this looks like a
and as we look up here Murphy Hall this
is my destination so if you'll follow me
as you'd see not a very long walk it's a
better exercise the blood flowing up to
you
yes
hey empty Hall usually they enjoy me
this is me it's been the house it's been
real
thank you